[move-2024] Add documentation for loops, labels, and nested uses. (#16655)
MystenLabs/sui: external-crates/move/documentation/book/src/control-flow/labeled-control-flow.md

# Labeled Control Flow

Move supports labeled control flow, allowing you to define and transfer control to specific labels
in a function. For example, we can nest two loops and use `break` and `continue` with those labels

> to precisely specify control flow. Any `loop` or `while` form may be prefixed with a `'label:` form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to precisely specify control flow. You can prefix any `loop` or `while` form with a `'label:` form
```

> to allow us to break or continue directly there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to allow breaking or continuing directly there.
```

> To demonstrate this behavior, consider a function that takes a nested vector of vectors of numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To demonstrate this behavior, consider a function that takes a nested vector of number vectors
```
Ignore if this changes the meaning slightly. The 'of's aren't really that hard to process.

Author: Revised this to hopefully clarify

> to sum and some threshold, which behaves as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to sum against some threshold, which behaves as follows:
```
Same comment as previous

> - If all of the numbers, added together, are under the threshold, return that sum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the sum of all the numbers are under the threshold, return that sum.
```

> - If we would add a number to the current sum that would push us above the threshold, we instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If adding a number to the current sum would surpass the threshold,
```

  return the current sum.

We can write this by iterating over the vector of vectors as nested loops and labelling the outer
one. If any addition in the inner loop would push us over the threshold, we can use `break` with the
outer label to escape both loops at once:

```move
fun sum_until_threshold(input: &vector<vector<u64>>, threshold: u64): u64 {
    let mut sum = 0;
    let mut i = 0;
    let input_size = vector::length(vec);

    'outer: loop {
        // breaks to outer since it is the closest enclosing loop
        if (i >= input_size) break sum;

        let vec = vector::borrow(input, i);
        let size = vector::length(vec);
        let mut j = 0;

        while (j < size) {
            let v_entry = *vector::borrow(vec, j);
            if (sum + v_entry < threshold) {
                sum = sum + v_entry;
            } else {
                // the next element we saw would break the threshold,
                // so we return the current sum
                break 'outer sum
            }
            j = j + 1;
        }
        i = i + 1;
    }
}
```

> These sorts of labels can also be used with a nested loop form, allowing you precise control in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sorts of labels can also be used with a nested loop form, providing precise control in
```
